# Mark's Advent of Code 2023 Solutions

This is my advent of code solutions for 2023. 

My solutions are garbage, but I am going to cope with the fact that I'm just doing this for fun. But to be fair, even when I'm trying to code very seriously, my code comes out bad. But that's ok - I've reached the final point in my five stages of programming grief, which is acceptance of writing bad code.

Generally, whenever I try to code something on my first try, a bug will occur that will tell me that I could have wrote this program in a better way. Instead of refactoring the program then and there, I make myself a victim of Sunk-Cost Fallacy and just keep adding onto my code - because man, I am lazy to refactor my sh*t. Eventually, this will make my code reminds me of a hundred different wires that are tangled with each other and in all sorts of bad knots. At this point, I'm learning how to be a digital network cable administrator without actually knowing anything about cables or networks, or how to be an adminsitrator.

After a few decades have passed, I might revisit my code and finally refactor it to make it less trash. But do note that even then, it will be bad code. So I will then have to visit other people's solutions to learn from superior code. Those solutions often tend to be bigger than what my smooth small brain can generate. My best bet is to write a paragraph on why that code is better than my code and then try to take a note of it for the future.

Why did I write this long rant for a simple README in a project that no one will look at? You will never find this README and you will never look at it - unless you are trying to stalk my github projects, in which case I don't know if I should be happy that someone is checking my dry github account or if I should be concerned that someone is stalking me digitally. If you really are stalking me, then let me tell you my friend, there is nothing that you can gain by stalking me. I'm not Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg, or Jeff Bezos. Just stop it. Stop. Close your damn terminal. Your script kiddie toys will not give you access to my digital devices. This is your last warning man, close this README and go resume your regular activities. If you don't turn back now, I'll be forced to use my secret powers to remotely turn on your github's LIGHT MODE. Yes, the scale of this power is similar to that of the president's power in launching a nuke that will destroy Earth. I don't have to spend any time explaining to you the gravity of what LIGHT MODE does to you. You are probably in the bathroom sink right now trying to wipe your eye just from the damage that seeing the phrase LIGHT MODE brought you.

Back to why I wrote this. I wrote this simply because I can, and there is nothing that you can do about it. If you have complaints, please submit them NOWHERE. I am not a company that will pretend to care about your complaints. I will not make an entire cutting-edge CSS webpage for you to submit your complaints just so that no employee on earth will ever get back to you or read your carefully crafted postdoctoral thesis on "The Social Advantages and Positive Effects of the Deletion of a Specific Github README: A Comprehensive Analysis" that probably has a bunch of five-year-old-like spelling and grammar errors and some trash statistics that has meaningless graphs and numbers. Whatever you say to me, this rant is not going to get deleted, so deal with it. Go ahead with your kubler-ross stages of grief already. You will start denying that this README exists, and then you will likely punch a hole in your laptop or break the keyboard you bought for your desktop PC that's either super ugly or has overpriced overrated RGB lighting. After you calm down from your rage phase, you will start bargaining ways to delete this README, only to realize that as I just mentioned, I don't have any gateways for you to submit your natural language tantrums. You will then depressingly not look at github for a few decades just to cope with the fact that this README exists and that there is nothing you can do about it. By the time you are in your deathbed, maybe you will accept this README. Or maybe you never will. Either way, your paraoxysms and sadness regarding this README is not my problem.

...or you simply don't give a sh*t about this README, skimmed it, and decided not to read it - in which case, you are probably a regular person who touches grass every day (not recommended if you have grass pollen allergies and if this is grass pollen season). Either that, or you actually read this whole thing. In that case, you have ignored my warning to turn back. My sixth sense will tell me that you have read this whole thing, and that I need to make a Thanos finger snap to turn on your light mode. Just, uh, give me a few seconds... wait, why can't I turn on your light mode? My power stopped working...? NO WAY! NO! NOOOOOOOO!
